= Redmine Markup formatters

This is a redmine plugin for supporting Markdown, wikimedia, rdoc as wiki format.
And it let you(the project manager) can select the text formatting in the project settings.

== What is redmine?
Redmine is a flexible project management web application.
See ((<the official site|URL:http://www.redmine.org>)) for more details.

== What is Markdown?
(from http://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/)
Markdown is a text-to-HTML conversion tool for web writers. Markdown allows
you to write using an easy-to-read, easy-to-write plain text format, then
convert it to structurally valid XHTML (or HTML).


See ((<the article on John Gruber's blog|URL:http://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/>))
for more details.

== Plugin installation

=== Prerequisites
* Redmine and its prerequisites
* redcarpet gem >= 2.0.0b4 (markup formatting)
* wikicloth gem (mediawiki formatting)
* rdoc gem (RDoc formatting)
* patch the redmine: project_text_formatting.patch

=== Installation
(1) Copy the plugin directory into the vendor/plugins directory
(2) Start Redmine

Installed plugins are listed on 'Admin -> Information' screen.

=== Credits
* Valery Viktorovsky(http://github/bio) did the real work by creating the
  redmine_markdown_formatter
* Yuki Sonoda (http://github.com/yugui) did the real work by creating the
  redmine_rd_formatter
* Jean-Philippe Lang for making the change to RedMine (based on Yuki's patch) to
  allow pluggable formatters

== Future Plans
* make the blockquote and unblockquote work for list items to indent
  and un-indent.  Current behavior is kind of confusing.
* support more wiki formatters.
